docs(backups): extra details (#9693)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: docs/docs/backup_howto.md

- **Encryption**: Protects backup data at rest.
- **Concurrency**: Controls how many VMs run in parallel in this backup job.
- **Retention policy**: Fine-tunes how many backups to keep over certain periods of time.

> - **Full backup interval**: Defines the maximum backup chain size. (only for delta backups and incremental replications)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Full backup interval**: Defines the maximum backup chain size (only for delta backups and incremental replications).
```

:::tip

- **Compression** is configured at the backup job level, and applies only to full backups. For full backups, prefer [Zstandard (Zstd)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zstd) if your host supports it.
- **Encryption** is configured at the backup repository level, not per individual backup job. To use encryption with incremental backups, the **use VHD blocks** setting must be enabled.

> - Setting a **Full backup interval** value avoids having infinite chains of backups, which can lead to issues in the very long term. We recommend either setting a non-null value for this parameter, or enabling heath check on the schedule of your delta backup and incremental replication jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting a **Full backup interval** prevents infinite backup chains, which can cause performance or stability issues over time. We recommend either defining a regular interval or enabling health checks for your Delta backup and Continuous Replication jobs.
```

Author: I changed your suggestion a bit to make it more accurate, feel free to rephrase it again if you find a better way to say it.
